hey guys welcome back to my channel I'm
Steve Shaw editorial director at Tiger
fitness and nutrition here with see that
right there's all we want to talk
about we're here training with Margalo
liner you guys are in Tom doing putting
together a workout and we're talking
about broke loose
nowadays everybody talks about all the
channels how you got to upper lowers the
I do full body
it's almost taboo is you bro split you
were talking then you and Doug Miller
even myself growing up all you know
miles 1830 all I did is gross but why do
you feel like those splits are still a
legitimate way for the natural
astringent they seem to be very
effective you know find the target and
focus on the body but kind of get them
go all out whatever to the body fun so I
think they're much more effective
because they don't take away
when I look at out tonight Oh guys ass
all the time I said you wanna do a full
body workout you wanna do an upper lower
you want to throw split I really don't
give a crap what you want to do because
over the long run is a natural it's
pretty much end results gonna be the
same way you can share your thoughts in
this club when you get to a certain
strength point like say after a year
year and a half two years of training it
just takes a hell of a long time to warm
up you know he's a body part you know
when I'm doing bench they're doing
squats I want to make sure I warm up
properly and if I'm doing it upper lower
body sometimes those workouts can take
forever just a bit of all have to warm
up every body
so guys we're putting together a video
or putting together an article for Tiger
Fitness that's going to come soon we
have a five-day split which is runs of
course of ancient eras not a week it's
over the course of a training basis for
that type of business
so guys appreciate your watching have a
great day that's not a game had